12/11/2017

COMMENT
		
		Rules

			1) You cannot bring food or drinks in here

			2) Before you leave

				1) Please turn off your computers and ALL computers in the classroom.

				2) Please clear your desks before you leave

				3) Everyone must have me sign:
					1) your planner
					2) your notebook. 
					

			3) Using Computers

				1) These are not your computers 

				2) Don't change any settings. That in cludes backgrounds. 

				3) Please make sure that you don't download anything on these computers. Including pictures or programs. 

				4) Never go to any website unless you are expressly told so. The only websites you are expressly told to go to are: baidu translate and university websites. 

			4) Keeping the classroom clean
				1) If you see trash. Clean it up. 

				2) Treat the computers wiht respect. Of upi see something wrong please fix it. 

		When The Bell Rings:
			1) I expect everyone to be seated with their computer on. 

			2) Within 2 minutes log into Enuda Learn and open the lastest lesson (Intro to Comp Sci)

		During Class'

			1) Never be doing nothing. 

			2 ) If I ever see you doing nothing, I'm going to assume you are choosing to be lazy. 


			3) If you don't know what to do:
				1) Ask our classmates first. 

				2) Next is the teacher.

12/18/2017
	PROJECT TIME:
		Write your code to Webscrape your information
		You must save your project to a github repository.

		But your and your partner must have your own github repository. 


	USERNAME LIST
		Please send me a list of all your usernames on Engrade by the end of class
		Person responsible:
			"Jerry"


	WELCOME BACK!
		We will be continuing with our project. Sit with your partner.
	Course: 
		WEB SCRAPE PROJECT

	Directions:
		- Sit with your partner. You already went through Web Scrape Project steps 1-6.
		- You should get started with step 7.
		- In this step you will write code to get ONE set of data from your webpage.
		- Step 7 on enudalearn Web Scrape Projects shows you how to get the data if you website was 
		  a vocabulary list on vocabulary.com. But you must write YOUR OWN algorithim to get
		  YOUR OWN data on YOUR OWN website. 
		- I will be walking around the classroom helping people with thier algorithims.

	Before Class is Over
		- Upload your project as it currently is on github

